means Cancer of specified severity, Open Chest CABG, Myocardial Infarction (First Heart Attack of Specified Severity), Kidney Failure requiring regular dialysis, Major Organ/Bone Marrow Transplant, Multiple Sclerosis with persisting symptoms, Permanent Paralysis of Limbs,Stroke resulting in permanent symptoms as defined below: 1. Cancer Of Specified Severity I. A malignant tumor characterized by the uncontrolled growth and spread of malignant cells with invasion and destruction of normal tissues. This diagnosis must be supported by histological evidence of malignancy. The term cancer includes leukemia, lymphoma and sarcoma. II. The following are excluded – i. All tumors which are histologically described as carcinoma in situ, benign, pre-malignant, borderline malignant, low malignant potential, neoplasm of unknown behavior, or non-invasive, including but not limited to: Carcinoma in situ of breasts, Cervical dysplasia CIN-1, CIN 2 and CIN-3. ii. Any non-melanoma skin carcinoma unless there is evidence of metastases to lymph nodes or beyond; iii. Malignant melanoma that has not caused invasion beyond the epidermis; iv. All tumors of the prostate unless histologically classified as having a Gleason score greater than 6 or having progressed to at least clinical TNM classification T2N0M0 v. All Thyroid cancers histologically classified as T1N0M0 (TNM Classification) or below; vi. Chronic lymphocytic leukaemia less than RAI stage 3 vii. Non-invasive papillary cancer of the bladder histologically described as TaN0M0 or of a lesser classification, viii.All Gastro-Intestinal Stromal Tumors histologically classified as T1N0M0 (TNM Classification) or below and with mitotic count of less than or equal to 5/50 HPFs;  ix. All tumors in the presence of HIV infection. 2. Open Chest CABG I. The actual undergoing of heart surgery to correct blockage or narrowing in one or more coronary artery(s), by coronary artery bypass grafting done via a sternotomy (cutting through the breast bone) or minimally invasive keyhole coronary artery bypass procedures. The diagnosis must be supported by a coronary angiography and the realization of surgery has to be confirmed by a cardiologist. II. The following are excluded: i. Angioplasty and/or any other intra-arterial procedures 3. Myocardial Infarction (First Heart Attack of Specified Severity) I. The first occurrence of heart attack or myocardial infarction, which  means the death of a portion of the heart muscle as a result of inadequate blood supply to the relevant area. The diagnosis for Myocardial Infarction should be evidenced by all of the following criteria: i. A history of typical clinical symptoms consistent with the diagnosis of acute myocardial infarction (For e.g. typical chest pain) ii. New characteristic electrocardiogram changes iii. Elevation of infarction specific enzymes, Troponins or other specific biochemical markers. II. The following are excluded: i. Other acute Coronary Syndromes ii. Any type of angina pectoris iii. A rise in cardiac biomarkers or Troponin T or I in absence of overt ischemic heart disease OR following an intra-arterial cardiac procedure. 4. Kidney Failure Requiring Regular Dialysis I. End stage renal disease presenting as chronic irreversible failure of both kidneys to function, as a result of which either regular renal dialysis (haemodialysis or peritoneal dialysis) is instituted or renal transplantation is carried out. Diagnosis has to be confirmed by a specialist medical practitioner. 5. Major Organ/ Bone Marrow Transplant: I. The actual undergoing of a transplant of: i. One of the following human organs - heart, lung, liver, kidney, pancreas that resulted from irreversible end-stage failure of the relevant organ or; ii. Human bone marrow using haematopoietic stem cells. The undergoing of a transplant must be confirmed by specialist medical practitioner. II. The following are excluded: i. Other Stem-cell transplants ii. Where only islets of langerhans are transplanted 6. Multiple Sclerosis with Persisting Symptoms: I. The unequivocal diagnosis of Definite Multiple Sclerosis confirmed and evidenced by all of the following: i. Investigations including typical MRI findings which unequivocally confirm the diagnosis to be multiple sclerosis and ii. There must be current clinical impairment of motor or sensory function, which must have persisted for a continuous period of at least 6 months. II. Other causes of neurological damage such as SLE and HIV are excluded. 7. Permanent Paralysis of Limbs  Total and irreversible loss of use of two or more limbs as a result of injury or disease of the brain or spinal cord. A specialist Medical Practitioner must be of the opinion that paralysis will be permanent with no hope of recovery and must be present for more than 3 months. 8. Stroke Resulting in Permanent Symptoms  Any cerebrovascular incident producing permanent neurological sequelae. This includes infarction of brain tissue, thrombosis in an intra-cranial vessel, haemorrhage and embolisation from an extracranial source.  Diagnosis has to be confirmed by a specialist Medical Practitioner and evidenced by typical clinical symptoms as well as typical findings in CT Scan or MRI of the brain.  Evidence of permanent neurological deficit lasting for atleast 3 months has to be produced.  The following are excluded: i. Transient ischemic attacks (TIA) ii. Traumatic injury of the brain iii. Vascular diseases affecting only the eye or optic nerve or vestibular functions
---
means illness the signs or symptoms of which first commence more than ninety (90) days following the Date of Commencement of Risk or the date of latest revival (if any), whichever is the latest, and shall include either the first diagnosis of any of the illnesses or first performance of any of the covered surgeries as given in section I C) of Annexure K, subject to exclusion as given in section II C) of Annexure K. Annexure K forms part of this Policy Document.