applies where the necessary treatment for which the INSURED PERSON is covered is not available locally or if adequately screened blood is unavailable in the event of an emergency. The COMPANY will evacuate the INSURED PERSON to the nearest appropriate medical center (which may or may not be located in the INSURED PERSON’s home country) by ambulance, helicopter or airplane. The medical evacuation which should be requested by the treating physician, will be carried out in the most economical way having regard to the medical condition. 	 Following completion of treatment, the COMPANY will also cover the cost of the return trip, at economy rates, for the evacuated INSURED PERSON to return to his/her principal country of residence. 	 If medical necessity prevents the INSURED PERSON from undertaking the evacuation or transportation following discharge from an in-patient episode of care, the COMPANY will cover the reasonable cost of hotel accommodation up to a maximum of seven days, comprising of a private room with en-suite facilities. The COMPANY does not cover costs for hotel suites, four or five star hotel accommodation or hotel accommodation for an accompanying person. 	 Where an INSURED PERSON has been evacuated to the nearest appropriate medical center for ongoing treatment, the COMPANY will agree to cover the reasonable cost of hotel accommodation comprising of a private room with en-suite facilities. The cost of such accommodation must be more economical than successive transportation costs to/from the nearest appropriate medical center and the principal country of residence. Hotel accommodation for an accompanying person is not covered. 	 Where adequately screened blood is not available locally, the COMPANY will, where appropriate, endeavour to locate and transport screened blood and sterile transfusion equipment, where this is advised by the treating physician. The COMPANY will also endeavour to do this when their medical experts so advise. 	 Allianz Insurance Company and its agents accept no liability in the event that such endeavours are unsuccessful or in the event that contaminated blood or equipment is used by the treating authority. 	 INSURED PERSON(S) must contact Allianz Insurance Company at the first indication that an evacuation is required. From this point onwards Allianz Insurance Company will organize and coordinate all stages of the evacuation until the INSURED PERSON is safely received into care at their destination. In the event that evacuation services are not organized by Allianz Insurance Company, the COMPANY reserves the right to decline all costs incurred.