refers to those medical services or supplies that are determined to be medically necessary and appropriate. They must be: • Essential to identify or treat a patient’s condition, illness or injury. • Consistent with the patient’s symptoms, diagnosis or treatment of the underlying condition. • In accordance with generally accepted medical practice and professional standards of medical care in the medical community at the time. • Required for reasons other than the comfort or convenience of the patient or his/her physician. • Proven and demonstrated to have medical value. • Considered to be the most appropriate type and level of service or supply. • Provided at an appropriate facility, in an appropriate setting and at an appropriate level of care for the treatment of a patient’s medical condition. • Provided only for an appropriate duration of time. 	 As used in this definition, the term “appropriate” shall mean taking patient safety and cost effectiveness into consideration. When specifically applied to in-patient treatment, medically necessary also means that diagnosis cannot be made, or treatment cannot be safely and effectively provided on an out-patient basis.
---
Health care services and supplies which are: • necessary to meet the basic health needs of the insuredand; • rendered in the most medically correct manner and type of setting appropriate for the delivery of the health service, taking into account both cost and quality of careand; • consistent in type, frequency and duration of treatment with scientifically based guidelines of medical, research, or health care coverage organizations or governmental agencies that are accepted by the Insurance Company and consistent with the diagnosis of the medical condition and; • required for reasons other than the convenience of the Insured or his/her doctorand; • demonstrated through prevailing pre-reviewed medical literature to be safe and effective for treating or diagnosing the medical condition for which its use isproposed.