means an “auto” that “you” become the “owner” of during the policy period, if:  A. “You” pay any additional premium due for coverage under this policy;  B. “We” insure all other “autos” “you” “own”;  C. No other insurance policy provides coverage for the “auto”; and D. Subject to the following conditions:  (1) If the “auto” “you” acquire replaces an “auto” shown on the Declarations page, that acquired “auto” will have the same coverage as the “auto” it replaces. Coverage will begin when “you” become the “owner” of the acquired “auto”. “You” must ask “us” to insure a replacement “auto” within 30 days after “you” become the “owner” if “you” want to continue any coverage “you” had under Part IV: Coverage for Physical Damage to an Auto after those initial 30 days.  (2) If the “auto” “you” acquire replaces an “auto” shown on the Declarations page, and the replaced “auto” did not have coverage under Part IV: Coverage for Physical Damage to an Auto, “you” may add this coverage for the replacement “auto”. The added coverage will not be effective until after “we” receive “your” request and “we” agree to add the coverage.  (3) If the “auto” “you” acquire is in addition to the “autos” shown on the Declarations page, that added “auto” will have the same coverage as the “auto” on the Declarations page with the broadest coverage if “you” ask “us” to insure the additional “auto” within 30 days after “you” become the  “owner”. If “you” ask “us” to insure the additional “auto” within 30 days after “you” become the “owner”, coverage will begin when “you” become the “owner” of the “auto”.  (4) If the “auto” “you” acquire is in addition to the “autos” shown on the Declarations page, and “you” do not ask “us” to insure the additional “auto” within 30 days after “you” become the “owner”, no coverage will be provided for the additionally acquired “auto” until after “you” ask “us” to insure the additional “auto” and “we” agree to insure the “auto”.  (5) If no “auto” on the policy hals coverage under Part IV: Coverage for Physical Damage to an Auto, “you” may add this coverage for the acquired “auto”. The added coverage will not be effective until after “we” receive “your” request and “we” agree to add the coverage.  (6) If “you” ask “us” to increase any of “your” limits, the increase will not be effective until after “we” receive “your” request and “we” agree to increase the limits.