Subject to the exclusions and conditions in this policy, Specified Perils mean: 1. fire; 2. lightning; 3. explosion; 4. smoke due to a sudden, unusual and faulty operation of any heating or cooking unit in or on the premises; 5. a falling object which strikes the exterior of the building; 6. impact by aircraft, watercraft, or land vehicle; 7. riot; 8. vandalism or malicious acts, not including loss or damage caused by theft or attempted theft; 9. water damage meaning damage caused by: a. the sudden and accidental escape of water from a watermain; b. the sudden and accidental escape of water or steam from within a plumbing, heating, sprinkler, air conditioning system or domestic water container, which is located inside your dwelling; c. the sudden and accidental escape of water from a domestic water container located outside your dwelling. However, such damage is not covered when the escape of water is caused by freezing; d. water which enters your dwelling through an opening which has been created suddenly and accidentally by a peril not otherwise excluded; e. the backing up or escape of water from an eaves trough or down spout, or by ice damming, provided the water has not entered through a basement or foundation wall; 10. windstorm or hail, including loss or damage caused by weight of ice, snow, or sleet. This peril does not include loss or damage to your personal property within a building, caused by windstorm, hail or coincidental rain damage unless the storm first creates an opening in the building; 11. transportation meaning loss or damage to your personal property, caused by collision, upset, overturn, derailment, stranding or sinking of any motorized vehicle or attached trailer in which the insured property is being carried. This would also apply to any conveyance of a common carrier, but does not include loss or damage to property in a vacation or home trailer which you own. Watercraft, their furnishings, equipment or motors are also not covered.
---
means the following perils as described and limited, subject to losses excluded under SECTION I – LOSS OR DAMAGE NOT INSURED: 1. FIRE 2. LIGHTNING 3. EXPLOSION 4. SMOKE This peril means smoke due to a sudden, unusual and faulty operation of any heating or cooking unit in or on the "premises". 5. FALLING OBJECT This peril means a falling object which strikes the exterior of a "dwelling" and/or private structure. 6. IMPACT BY AIRCRAFT, SPACECRAFT OR LAND VEHICLE This peril does not include any loss or damage to animals. 7. RIOT 8. VANDALISM OR MALICIOUS ACTS This peril does not include loss or damage: a. caused by "you" and/or at "your" direction; b. occurring while the "dwelling" is under construction or "vacant", even if "we" have given permission for the policy to remain in force during construction or "vacancy"; c. caused by theft or damage from an attempted theft. 9. WATER DAMAGE "We" insure: a. the sudden and accidental escape of water or steam from within a plumbing, heating, cooling, sprinkler or air conditioning system or "domestic water container", which is located within "your" "dwelling" and/or private structures; but under no circumstances do "we" insure any loss or damage: (1) caused by freezing during the usual heating season; (i) within a heated portion of "your" "dwelling" and/or private structures if "you" have been away from "your" "premises" for more than 4 consecutive days, but "you" will still be insured if "you" have taken any of the following precautions:  a) arranged for a competent person to enter "your" "dwelling" and/or private structures once every 3 days "you" were away to ensure that heating was being maintained; b) shut off the water supply to "your" "dwelling" and/or private structures and had drained all of the pipes and "domestic water containers"; c) connected "your" heating system to an alarm which is monitored 24 hours a day by a central monitoring service; (ii) within an unheated portion of "your" "dwelling" and/or detached private structures; (2) caused by continuous or repeated leakage or discharge of water; (3) caused by seepage; (4) caused by the backing up or escape of water or sewage from any sewer, septic system or sump; (5) to a plumbing, heating, cooling, sprinkler or air conditioning system or "domestic water container" from which the water escaped; or (6) occurring while the "dwelling" and/or private structure is under construction or "vacant", even if "we" have given permission for the policy to remain in force during construction or "vacancy". This exclusion applies immediately upon "your" "dwelling" and/or private structures becoming "vacant" or commencing construction; b. the sudden and accidental escape of water from a "domestic water container" which is located outside "your" "dwelling" and/or private structures; but under no circumstances do "we" insure any loss or damage when the escape of water is caused by freezing; c. the sudden and accidental escape of water from a "watermain" located outside "your" "dwelling" and/or private structures; or d. water which enters "your" "dwelling" and/or private structures through an opening which has been created suddenly and accidentally by a "Specified Peril" other than WATER DAMAGE. Regardless of exceptions a., b., c. and d. above, "we" do not insure any loss or damage caused by: (a) "surface waters"; (b) "ground water" or rising of the water table; (c) shoreline ice build-up or water borne ice or other waterborne objects, all whether driven by wind or not; (d) "flood". This exclusion applies regardless of any other cause or event that contributes concurrently or in any sequence to the loss or damage, but "you" are still insured for ensuing loss or damage which results directly from fire or explosion. 10. WINDSTORM This peril does not include loss or damage caused by or resulting from the weight of ice or snow, including, but not limited to shoreline ice build-up or water borne ice or other objects, whether driven by wind or not. 11. HAIL This peril does not include damage to the outer metal cover of any mobile home unless the cover is punctured by the hail. 12. ELECTRICITY This peril means the sudden and accidental damage from artificially generated electrical current. 13. TRANSPORTATION This peril means loss or damage to "your" personal property caused by collision, upset, overturn, derailment, stranding or sinking of any automobile or attached trailer, in which the insured property is being carried. This would also apply to any conveyance of a common carrier, but does not include loss or damage to personal property in a vacation or home trailer which "you" own. 14. ICE DAMMING This peril means loss or damage caused by water that enters the "dwelling" or unit through a roof due to the accumulation of ice or snow on the exterior of the roof or eavestrough.  15. DAMAGE CAUSED BY BEARS  "Spore(s)" includes, but is not limited to any reproductive particle or microscopic fragment produced by, emitted from or arising out of any "fungi"